### Civil Aviation In India: Passenger Traffic Prediction

#### Passenger Traffic Trends

#####  Comparative Analysis of Airlines

- Domestic
- International
- Timeline

	- Monthly
	- Yearly

- Ticket fare
- No. of fleets, aircrafts, seats

#### Location-based analysis

##### Metro-cities : Mumbai, Delhi, Calcutta, Hyderabad

##### Flights

- Domestic
- International
- Timings
- Frequency

##### Airports

- No. of airports
- domestic
- international

##### Population

- Access to airport

#### Performance & Safety

##### On time performance

##### Bookings and cancellations

##### Flight Accidents

##### Operations Economics

- Fuel prices
- PLF, BELF
- Flight equipment, maintenance

##### ATC

##### Weather: effects of global warming

#### External Factors

##### Indian Festivals

- Month
- Religion affected

##### Environment & Policies

- Global Warming
- Change in policies

#### Implementation

##### End Users

- Primary: Passengers
- Indian Aviation

	- Airport Management
	- Airline Management
	- ATC
	- Stakeholders

- Indian Transportation

##### Datasets

Airline- International Traffic (2015-18)
http://dgca.gov.in/reports/rep-ind.htm

Airline- Domestic Traffic (2015-18)
http://dgca.gov.in/reports/rep-ind.htm

Domestic Traffic Reports
http://dgca.gov.in/reports/rep-ind.htm

Handbooks of Civil Aviation
http://dgca.gov.in/reports/rep-ind.htm

-  Tourism Statistics : Government  of India
- Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA)

##### Format

- Comparative Analysis 5/10 years
- Predictive Analysis
- Machine Learning
- Data mining from reports: python
- Website/ Webpage: Interactive

#### Does Global Warming affect Air Travel in India thereby affecting festivities in India?

#### Does Global Warming affect tourism in India?

#### How does Passenger Traffic vary during Indian festivals?

#### Is Civil Aviation in India equipped for future passenger traffic?

#### Which airlines passengers are most likely to fly?

#### Locations based analysis is the next step to look at data and statistics in terms of geography

The audience will expect to see the information/ stats  for metro-cities on flights, population, airport, airfares, options they have in terms of airlines etc.

#### Performance & safety  is one of the major factors of consideration for the passengers to decide amongst airlines

#### This Passenger Traffic trends analysis is based on the monthly and annual reports generated by DGCA India 

The Audience will expect to see the comparative analysis and trends- growth or decline in the passenger traffic, which is the favored or disliked airline etc.

*XMind: ZEN - Trial Version*
